[BLANK_AUDIO]
[FOREIGN]
And now, the marriage or the activity again is all this,
I mean, generally, entirely Buddha teaching is to the marriage or the activities.
All the methods, every teaching is really like teachings on the merit.
Merit, how to accumulate merit.
When you accumulate the merit, that means then we are also cleansing and purifying
all the negativities, same time as we all know.
So therefore, marriage or the activities are very, very important.
This marriage or the activity, not one way to understand it,
all this marriage or the activity can be summarized as into the six parameters.
Six parameter practice is also marriage or the activities.
And that is again, as we said or you know,
is that the substantial marriage or the activities in substantial marriage or the activities
or marriage or the activity with the focus and without the focus of that.
And those six parameters, of course, you all know that.
Again, just to list the names are then that like generosity parameter
and the morality parameter and then patience parameter,
your effort and concentration and the wisdom.
And above that, then there is also another pole more than makes 10 parameters.
Again, you all know basically those are known as then,
skillful means parameters, aspiration are parameters,
the ability or the courage, courage parameters.
That is just one way to translate.
And then wisdom parameter or the primordial wisdom parameters.
Those all are marital activities.
And there is another way to explain, I think that also to the accumulation merit,
but activity particularly again, such as known as then,
such as the like and particularly related with the dharmas or the scriptials.
Scriptural Dharma that particularly related with the,
among the like Buddha Dharma Sangha and the Three Jewels
is something connected with more to the Dharma.
And that is often in the teaching said, for example,
when you also transcribe in the teachings,
teaching is also marital activities or distributing the teachings
to the others when they want and helping that,
available that it is also marital activities.
And then, and such as all or writing down or printing those things.
And then this is the Dharma and then making...
And even the tumour, that's all.
Okay, so then maybe we just said,
first is like the Dharma text that distributing
and then making offering over the joy and appreciation,
while we're task wrapping, all the distributing the Dharma.
And then, and then listening and...
Oh, sorry, again.
Then the task wrapping, distributing, that is one.
Making offerings, that's second.
And then generosity, generally kind of a generous practice.
That is third.
And then giving the kind of like words of the wisdom to the...
I bought a Dharma. I bought a letter to the Dharma.
Or listening to the teaching.
And then reciting the teaching,
such as joining the Heart Sutter and so forth.
And then contemplating the teaching.
And then again meditating or contemplating.
And then again like cultivating the meditation.
And those are particularly related with teaching.
Teachings and those are all meditory activities.
Then again, these are not meditory activities
and very powerful beneficial to ourselves, to the others,
such as then raising of the prayer flags
that many of you know already.
It is very, very considering, very special practices.
[singing]